feat(perf): Restructure performance getting started (#2121)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/node/common/performance.mdx

  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  tracesSampleRate: 1.0, // Be sure to lower this in production
});
```

> Performance data is transmitted using a new event type called "transactions", which you can learn about in [Distributed Tracing](/performance-monitoring/distributed-tracing/#traces-transactions-and-spans). **To capture transactions, you must install the performance package and configure your SDK to set the `tracesSampleRate` option to a nonzero value.** The example configuration above will transmit 100% of captured transactions. Be sure to lower this value in production otherwise you could burn through your quota quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performance data is transmitted using a new event type called "transactions", which you can learn about in [Distributed Tracing](/performance-monitoring/distributed-tracing/#traces-transactions-and-spans). **To capture transactions, you must install the performance package and configure your SDK to set the `tracesSampleRate` option to a nonzero value.** The example configuration above will transmit 100% of captured transactions. You will want to lower this value in production, otherwise you could burn through your quota quickly.
```

- `get` calls using native `http` and `https` modules
- Middleware (Express.js only)

> ### Trace context for Errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Trace Context for Errors
```
